Pokemon is one of the biggest video game
franchises of all time and for good
reasons so when kids hear of a game
called Pokemon snap they have sky-high
expectations so let's see if those
expectations were matched the story is
you're a kid that wants to take a
picture of every Pokemon so with the
help of Professor Oak you have to go out
to multiple areas and take pictures of
all the Pokemon because the slogan of
the series is got a snap mall of course
once you go into an area you ride on a
shuttle thing that moves you will have a
limited amount of film but this won't be
a problem and all you have to do in this
game is take pictures that's it there is
some strategy because the better picture
you take determines how good the picture
is rated to help you find a Pokemon I
get Pokemon suppose you have a few items
it's like a flute that makes some
Pokemon dance this ball that makes
Pokemon appear that are hiding and
there's an apple you can use the Apple
to feed Pokemon or beat them on the head
with it this happens helps me take
pictures in the game so I wanted to know
if you'd be animals with food in real
life do you get better pictures
okay I guess not
well anyway after you finish the level
professor oak will grade your pictures
and surprisingly he does a pretty good
job determining what grade I get there's
also a lot of surprises in this game
like look at this egg when you beat it
off the track there we go oh my goodness
what the heck it just came out of the
lava oh my god take the many pictures
yeah let me beat this Charmeleon up
there yeah it's a lobby just die oh okay
man I didn't mean it okay come on
good thing you don't die in this game or
I would be killed by now after you beat
all the levels you'll have a final
mission and guess what you have to do
you must take a picture of mewed dunk
don don okay let me pull out my camera
what's up come on let me take a picture
of you you can move okay while I'm
trying to beat this game you should go
out get this game and for more video
reviews winner McCarthy calm